Well, good morning, everybody.
Thank you. Thank you.
Wow, it is such an amazing morning so far.
I'm excited for you guys to continue to hear the stories of life change and as we celebrate people who have gone public.
With their faith
Now, one thing I love about
Our church is that we say this all the time is that you don't have to believe in order to belong So if you are new here if you're here to support a friend a co-worker siblings
sibling, or maybe when your kid's getting baptized, we are glad you're here. It's going to be an amazing, amazing morning.
And maybe for you, depending on your background. - You hear that cheering? - Yeah, I love it.
Depending on your background baptism uh you might have a different idea what baptism is
Maybe for you you've seen some baby baptisms or you thought that baptism is only for super spiritual people.
When you thought hey baptism is actually the thing that saves you from your sin
Or maybe for you, you're like, hey, this is actually kind of weird. Overall, why would someone go down in water and
Come back up looking like a wet cat and then someone taking pictures of you. Like, why do that?
um actually for a long time i thought that is like hey like what is the big ah hurrah about getting baptized.
My first time seeing a baptism was me and my siblings went to a service kind of similar to this one, and we're sitting there, and we saw someone go down water and come back up, and they're like, yeah, you're baptized.
I was confused with my sister, like big googly eyes. She was like, this is so cool.
we were home later that day and she was like hey guys go and change your bathing suit we're going to the backyard I'm in a little small kiddie pool she's like you're getting baptized today
So we got baptized multiple times.
Many many dunkings
And you know siblings, they can hold you under longer than they should.
Um,
But since that time, I've had the question of like, hey, what is baptism?
really mean? What is it really about?
Now here's the thing, in our culture we are used to public declarations.
either as people posting about their new job or about an engagement or a baby announcement, whatever it is, we're used to seeing people share the good news.
Good news online or with each other if they're excited super excited about it
From my wife and I, Amber, when we first found out that we were pregnant with our first son, Azariah, we were super excited. We found out about Christmas, of course,
100% of 2021. And we've been trying for a while. So we found out, we knew that our life was going to change for the better. Yeah.
But we debated on if we should tell anyone because my mom loves to tell our business to everybody so we were tied to bait if we should tell anyone or if not we decided to
We cited not to.
But we knew that as soon as we went public and told everyone about our good news,
Was that we're going to invite people into the joy.
We're going to invite people onto the journey.
And they're going to be a part of the story.
And that's what baptism is.
It's saying, "Hey, this isn't just between me and Jesus anymore. I want to share what he is doing in my life with everyone."
It's going public with your faith.
It's declaring, hey, I've decided to follow Jesus and I am not turning back again.
Now you might be thinking, okay, I get that, but like, why, like, what does it actually mean? Like, why do people go in the water and come back up?
Well, that act actually has a lot of meaning. In Romans 6, Paul writes that when you're baptized, it's a picture of Jesus' death.
Bureau of Resurrection.
It's when you go into the water, symbolizes dying of your old life.
And we can come back up
It symbolizes a new life in Christ.
It's not about being perfect
No one that is going to that tank is going to be suddenly perfect. It's not happening.
It's about surrendering your life to Jesus and saying, hey, he is changing me.
Second Corinthians 5:17 puts it this way.
Anyone who belongs to Christ
Has become a new person.
The old life is gone.
And a new life has begun.
Let me say this
Your relationship with Jesus is personal.
But it's not meant to be private.
Your relationship with Jesus is personal, but it's not meant to be private.
When something truly changes you
You want to tell
Everybody.
When your life has been transformed, you want to shout it from the mountaintops.
And that was Olivia and I.
We were expecting our first son and we couldn't hold it in any longer.
We decided we're going to wait until the 12-week mark.
And we prepped it all. We prepped the Instagram post. We prepped how we're going to tell our parents. We prepped everything.
And as soon as we went public, as soon as we told everyone that we were expecting our first son,
Our life changed.
We became those annoying parents that did talk about
Our son coming it didn't happen
Because we're just excited.
We're excited about the joy.
That the son was going to bring to us. We're excited about the life that was going to become because of our first son.
That's kind of like baptism
But it's actually bigger than that. See, a relationship with Jesus bigger than an engagement or a birth announcement is saying, "Hey, I'm declaring that my life is
It's going to be different because I am choosing to follow Jesus.
See, it's deeply personal.
By the same point
It becomes something that you just can't keep to yourself.
It's saying, hey,
This is what God has done in my life, and I got to tell everybody.
He has changed my heart. He has transformed who I am and I want to tell him.
everyone.
So, is everyone getting baptized today?
I want to say thank you.
Thank you for showing us what real beatings looks like.
What courage looks like
And what god is doing in your heart
The transformation that he's done in your life.
and everyone here.
That's watching
Maybe something is steering up in you today.
Maybe you've already said yes to following Jesus, but you haven't yet gone public with your faith.
Maybe you've been holding back
Saying, hey, one day.
One day.
What if today is that day?
Maybe you're here today.
And this whole Jesus thing is new to you.
You're still trying to figure things out. That is okay.
But what if...
What you're seeing today is the start of something new in your story.
Let me be clear.
See baptism doesn't save you from your sin and brokenness.
Jesus does.
Baptism is how we say
I've been saved and I want the world to know.
So today isn't just about the water.
It's not about a photo op.
It's about transformation.
It's about the kind of change that only God can bring.
It's about people saying, "Hey, I was once lost, but now I'm found."
I was living one way
And Jesus changed everything.
Everything.
And listen, maybe today,
Isn't your moment to get baptized but what if
Today is your next step moment
Maybe it's time for me to go from curious
It's a committed.
To go from, hey, I'm just watching to...
Jesus, i am all in.
From saying hey maybe not yet to
Let's go
Because what God has done
In them, he wants to do in you.
A transformation that God has done in their lives.
He wants to do that in your life too.
So today, we're not going to hold back.
We're going to cheer.
We're going to celebrate.
And you guys did an okay job earlier but i know i can do louder right we're going to practice a little bit
Because Jesus is still saving lives today. He's still transforming lives today.
And he's not done writing stories.
So let's practice real quick before I pray, all right?
You guys are going to see, okay, baptism. Whoosh!
Okay okay that's like a b minus that's a b minus
All right, all right, I don't get a plus is gonna happen
But let's celebrate. Let's celebrate the life change that's happening.
In some amazing lives.
as there are some people are saying, "Hey, I've decided to follow Jesus and there's no turning back."
We pray.
Father God, we thank you and we praise you for such an amazing day, a powerful day of people declaring their faith in you. Lord, we thank you for all the stories that you've
You have written a life changelog transformation.
Lord, thank you for the courage you've given these candidates to step into the waters to say, "Hey, I'm no longer what I was. I am new."
New in you. I am made new in you.
And Lord, I pray for those who are maybe considering baptism, but they're not sure. There may be a
A little nervous, but I'll pretty give them courage.
And boldness
Allow them to feel your peace.
Eunice moment as I pray
To know to let them know that you are with them
That you love them.
And that you see them.
Lord, I pray that you continue to pour your love, your grace, and your mercy onto us.
And thank you so much as we celebrate life change today.
In jesus name i pray
Amen.